.TH "SHIP" "1" "February 2021" "VirtualShip" "ship"
.
.SH "NAME"
\fBship\fR \- The only package manager you\[aq]ll ever need for macOS
.
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
\fBship\fR \fIcommand\fR [\fIproduct\fR]
.
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
VirtualShip is the simplest, fastest, and most secure way to install the
UNIX tools that you need that Apple didn\[aq]t kindly install for you.
Its speed is unprecedented (3x faster than Homebrew), its simplicity
allows for the easiest usage, and it is very secure: no giving away your
password with \f[B]sudo\f[R].
.
.SH "TERMINOLOGY"
.SS "\fBproduct\fR"
Products are what VirtualShip calls packages.
.
.SS "\fBstock\fR"
Stock refers to the method used to install a product. We say something is in stock if it is available for install.
.
.SS "\fBorder\fR"
Order is VirtualShip\[cq]s way of saying install.
.
.SS "\fBreturn\fR"
Return is VirtualShip\[cq]s way of saying uninstall.
.
.SS "\fBrefurbish\fR"
Refurbish is VirtualShip\[cq]s way of saying update.
.
.SS "\fBbackorder\fR"
Backorder is the process used to request new products.
.
.SS "\fBreport\fR"
Report is the process used to report a problem for a specific product.
.
.SS "\fBwarehouse\fR"
The Warehouse is a directory used to store all of the code needed to run VirtualShip.
.
.SS "\fBgarage\fR"
The Garage is a directory where your products will be installed to.
.
.SH "COMMANDS"
.SS "\fBorder\fR \fIproduct\fR"
Install \fIformula\fR\.
.
.P
\fIproduct\fR is always the exact name of the product to install.
When in doubt, look it up at \f[I]https://virtualship.github.io\f[R]
.
.SS "\fBreturn\fR \fIproduct\fR"
Return \fIproduct\fR\.
.
.SS "\fBrefurbish\fR \fIproduct\fR"
Refurbish \fIproduct\fR\.
.
.SS "\fBbackorder\fR \fIproduct\fR"
Backorder \fIproduct\fR\.
.
.SS "\fBreport\fR \fIproduct\fR"
Report \fIproduct\fR\.
.
.SS "\fBsearch\fR \fItext\fR"
Search available products for \fItext\fR\.
.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.SS "\fBreport\fR \fI-p\fR"
Report a bug with a product.
.
.SS "\fBreport\fR \fI-i\fR"
Report a bug with other code.
.
.SH "REPORT"
.SS "\fBCore\fR"
Report a bug with Core.
.
.SS "\fBAuxiliary\fR"
Report a bug with auxiliary code.
.
.SH "BUGS"
See our issues on GitHub:
.
.TP
\fBVirtualShip/Core\fR
.
.br
\fIhttps://github\.com/VirtualShip/Core/issues\fR

